cask_install 1password
cask_install alfred
cask_install cheatsheet
cask_install crashplan
cask_install dbeaver-enterprise
cask_install dropbox
cask_install duet
cask_install f.lux
cask_install fluid
cask_install fromscratch
cask_install google-chrome
cask_install hammerspoon
cask_install hipchat
cask_install keyboard-maestro
cask_install kindle
cask_install knock
cask_install macpaw-gemini
cask_install moneywell
cask_install nvalt
cask_install pixelstick
cask_install robomongo
cask_install send-to-kindle
cask_install sketchup
cask_install skype
cask_install slack
cask_install slate
cask_install sourcetree
cask_install spotify
cask_install sql-power-architect-jdbc
cask_install superduper
cask_install taskpaper
cask_install utorrent
